hi everyone this is David from geek
annoyed and in this video I'm going to
be showing you the Blue Microphones
tikki it's a tiny little USB microphone
and I'm going to unbox it in this video
and also give you an audio test as well
now really like the packaging on this
because you just saw slide it open like
so and the microphone is suspended in
the packaging I'll show you that in a
minute this is the bit we can get rid of
this says improves the clarity of online
communication using programs like skype
I chattin FaceTime it's got voice
isolation and noise canceling technology
and it also features izotope anr audio
processing for performance that's
clearly superior let's hope it lives up
to those claims on the packaging so this
is the little microphone and we just
remove that I'll give you a close-up of
this in a minute I'm just going to pop
it to one side I just want to look
inside this little box of tricks let's
just get this open there we go so we've
got a little box of tricks that's got
some accessories and bits and pieces in
now in one side it says we've got some
sort of little card it says the first
time you plug it in that it's detected
by default but in windows control panel
or system settings you have to select it
as your input device so similar also
offer card there and then this is a
little fold-out leaflet what's this
going to tell us this is given us some
more information be one with your tikki
so this tells you about how it sort of
picks up sound from both sides of the
microphone so it's telling you how to
set it up and which side picks up audio
from this is break as if you plug this
into a laptop it's going to hopefully
pick up sound from you and if somebody's
sitting behind the laptop it pick up
that sound as well also in here we do
get an additional piece we get this
little bit here and
is sort of a USB extension cable but
they've styled it to match the style of
the microphone so you plug that in there
and then you plug this into your laptop
so that's great if you want to get it a
little bit further away from the actual
laptop so that's it in that packaging
this is the microphone itself now I'm
hoping it delivers good qualities 49
pounds in the UK fifty-nine dollars in
the US which is quite a lot for a little
tiny microphone but if it's good quality
then it's certainly worth it so let me
just give you one last so close up look
at that there we go really nice looking
piece of kit so let's get this plugged
in so I've got my laptop sitting here
ready and what I'm going to do is I'm
going to play back to different bits of
audio I'm going to actually set this
recording now so that you can hear what
it sounds like on the built-in
microphone so this is a macbook air i'm
using here i'm going to just hold it up
ran about here and now the audio that
you're hearing in this video is actually
being recorded with the built-in
microphone on the 13-inch macbook air
this gives you an idea of the sort
quality you're going to get from the
built-in microphone to give you a good
comparison when i plug in that blue
microphone sticky so now what you're
hearing is audio from the blue
microphone ticky it's actually plugged
into the side of the laptop here and you
can see it glowing a nice blue color and
that's because it's actually picking up
audio when it doesn't pick up any audio
it's got the added benefit they actually
mute the microphone set should result in
a nice sort of silent portion of the
video if it's not actually picking up
anything and the LED actually changes
from blue to orange there we go you saw
it change from blue to orange and that
meant that it was muted it turns its
nice blue color once it's picking up
audio again now is quite sensitive to
distance you can see here are quite
close to where my sore mouth is if I
move it further away is very very
sensitive so you're here real dip in
audio levels
now I'm not sure if that's a good thing
maybe it's a little bit too sensitive
but certainly from this distance or if I
had it sitting on a desk it does a
really good job of picking up some nice
clean audio so let me know what you
think do you think the blue microphone
sticky is a big improvement over the
built-in microphone on the macbook air
give this video a thumbs up as well
leave me some feedback please do
subscribe as well and I'll see you all
in the next one